[BPK-4247] Panel card 12pt corner radius (#645)
Skyscanner/backpack-react-native: UNRELEASED.md

> Place your changes below this line.

**Breaking:**

>  - `bpk-tokens@35.0.1` is now required. To migrate to this version, `spacingSm` must be replaced with `spacingXs`.

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused by this comment. Is this what we were discussing on Zoom just now?

Author: Yeah - although this is only required for Android (as spacingSm === spacingXs in iOS for now)

Reviewer: Ah ok, I think this could probably be more informative as it's a bit confusing. Our changelog messages should be written for humans — imagine somebody came to you and asked "what's this change?", that's what we should put.

```suggestion
 - Upgraded `bpk-tokens` to `35.0.1`. On Android, this changes `borderRadiusSm` from `4` to `8`. To keep using the old border radius (`4`), change your uses of `borderRadiusSm` to `borderRadiusXs`.
```

**Fixed:**

>  - Cards and Panels now have a corner radius of `bpk-spacing-md` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The default corner radius of cards and panels has been increased from `bpkBorderRadiusXs` to `bpkBorderRadiusXs ` (4 to 12).
```

I think this is a bit more informative as it tells them it's increased, and from what to what.

> Place your changes below this line.

**Fixed:**

>  - Cards and Panels now have a corner radius of `bpk-spacing-md` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The default corner radius of cards and panels has been increased from `bpkSpacingXs` to `bpkSpacingMd` (4 to 12).
```

I think this is a bit more informative as it tells them it's increased, and from what to what.
